MDM Context Map (#111)
atedeg/mdm: docs/_docs/context-map.md

  Since `ProductionPlanning` and `Production` are tightly coupled, the latter is *Conformist*.
- `ClientOrders [D] <- [U, OHS, PL] Stocking`  
  `Stocking` receives a message from `ClientOrders` notifying the removal from stock of certain products.
  `Stocking ` is a *Open-Host Service* and must expose a *published language*, as `ClientOrders` is going to be a generic bounded context and it will be
  impossible to control the format of the messages.
- `ProductionPlanning [D, ACL] <- [U] Stocking`  
  `ProductionPlannig` asks `Stocking` for the amount of products missing from the stock.
  Since `ProductionPlannig` is a downstream core bounded context, and Anti-Corruption Layer is required.
- `Stocking [D, CF] <- [U] Production`  
  `Production` informs `Stocking` that a batch is ripening.
  Since `Production` and `Stocking` are tightly coupled, the latter is Conformist.
- `Production [D, ACL] <- [U] Restocking`  
  `Production` informs `Restocking` when some raw materials are consumed.
  `Production` is a downstream bounded context and needs an Anti-Corruption Layer since `Restocking` is going to be a generic bounded context.

> There is a *Shared Kernel* between every bounded context which contains the definitions for **product** and **cheese type**.
> This choice was taken as the two concepts above are crucial and every change in the shared kernel must affect every other bounded context.

Reviewer: I'd slightly rephrase this:
```suggestion
There is a *Shared Kernel* among the bounded contexts which contains the definitions for **product** and **cheese type**.
This choice was taken as the two aforementioned concepts are crucial for the cheese factory and a change in any of the definitions must be reflected in all bounded contexts handling these concepts.
In fact, adding a new kind of product involves a series of important domain changes that must be reflected in the code of different bounded contexts: the production, ordering, labelling and stocking processes would need a rehaul to take into account the new kind of product.

By sharing this information among different bounded context it is guaranteed that, whenever a change happens to any of these concepts, all the domains will maintain an up-to-date vision of these concepts.

```
